code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_checked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_valid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_valid ,redemption_invalid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_valid
code_not_blank ,desc_not_blank ,sales_unchecked ,cons_discount_invalid ,ref_discount_invalid ,redemption_invalid
